**Question**
A large electronics company is using Amazon Simple Storage Service to store important documents. For reporting purposes, they want to track and log every request access to their S3 buckets including the requester, bucket name, request time, request action, referrer, turnaround time, and error code information. The solution should also provide more visibility into the object-level operations of the bucket.

Which is the best solution among the following options that can satisfy the requirement?

A. Enable the Requester Pays option to track access via AWS Billing.

**B. Enable server access logging for all required Amazon S3 buckets.**

C. Enable AWS CloudTrail to audit all Amazon S3 bucket access.

D. Enable Amazon S3 Event Notifications for PUT and POST.

**Explained**

AWS CloudTrail logs provide a record of actions taken by a user, role, or an AWS service in Amazon S3, while Amazon S3 server access logs provide detailed records for the requests that are made to an S3 bucket.

For this scenario, you can use CloudTrail and the Server Access Logging feature of Amazon S3. However, it is mentioned in the scenario that they need detailed information about every access request sent to the S3 bucket including the referrer and turn-around time information. These two records are not available in CloudTrail.

==============================>

**Question**

A tech company that you are working for has undertaken a Total Cost Of Ownership (TCO) analysis evaluating the use of Amazon S3 versus acquiring more storage hardware. The result was that all 1200 employees would be granted access to use Amazon S3 for the storage of their personal documents.

Which of the following will you need to consider so you can set up a solution that incorporates a single sign-on feature from your corporate AD or LDAP directory and also restricts access for each individual user to a designated user folder in an S3 bucket? (Select TWO.)

A. Use 3rd party Single Sign-On solutions such as Atlassian Crowd, OKTA, OneLogin and many others.

B. Set up a matching IAM user for each of the 1200 users in your corporate directory that needs access to a folder in the S3 bucket.

C. Map each individual user to a designated user folder in S3 using Amazon WorkDocs to access their personal documents.

**D. Configure an IAM role and an IAM Policy to access the bucket.**

**E. Set up a Federation proxy or an Identity provider, and use AWS Security Token Service to generate temporary tokens.**

==============================>

A company is generating confidential data that is saved on their on-premises data center. As a backup solution, the company wants to upload their data to an Amazon S3 bucket. In compliance with its internal security mandate, the encryption of the data must be done before sending it to Amazon S3. The company must spend time managing and rotating the encryption keys as well as controlling who can access those keys.

Which of the following methods can achieve this requirement? (Select TWO.)

A. Set up Server-Side Encryption (SSE) with EC2 key pair.

B. Set up Server-Side Encryption with keys stored in a separate S3 bucket.

**C. Set up Client-Side Encryption with a customer master key stored in AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS).**

D. Set up Client-Side Encryption with Amazon S3 managed encryption keys.

**E. Set up Client-Side Encryption using a client-side master key.**


