## 1. Concept
Amazon Aurora features a distributed, fault-tolerant, self-healing storage system that auto-scales up to 128TB per database instance. It delivers high performance and availability with up to 15 low-latency read replicas, point-in-time recovery, continuous backup to Amazon S3, and replication across three Availability Zones (AZs).

## 2. Failover
For Amazon Aurora, each Read Replica is associated with a priority tier (0-15). In the event of a failover, Amazon Aurora will promote the Read Replica that has the highest priority (the lowest numbered tier). If two or more Aurora Replicas share the same priority, then Amazon RDS promotes the replica that is largest in size. If two or more Aurora Replicas share the same priority and size, then Amazon Aurora promotes an arbitrary replica in the same promotion tier.

## 3. Multi-master cluster
In a multi-master cluster, all DB instances can perform write operations. There isn't any failover when a writer DB instance becomes unavailable, because another writer DB instance is immediately available to take over the work of the failed instance. AWS refers to this type of availability as continuous availability, to distinguish it from the high availability (with brief downtime during failover) offered by a single-master cluster. For applications where you can't afford even brief downtime for database write operations, a multi-master cluster can help to avoid an outage when a writer instance becomes unavailable. The multi-master cluster doesn't use the failover mechanism, because it doesn't need to promote another DB instance to have read/write capability.